docs: publish v1.3 feature docs (#337)
arcus-azure/arcus.messaging: docs/versioned_docs/version-v1.3.0/03-Guides/migration-guide-v1.0.md

# Migration guide towards v1.0

> Starting from v1.0, there're some major breaking changes. To make it easier for you you migrate towards this new version, we have assembled an migration guide to help you in the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v1.0, there are some major breaking changes. To make it easier for you to migrate towards this new version, we have assembled a migration guide to help you in the process.
```
This reads a bit weird.  I'd change it to not use a contraction.
See also: https://english.stackexchange.com/a/12869

Author: Yes, will update this.

Author: https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.messaging/pull/337/commits/3d5cd1df9e664f94bd6b9d1f7ceaa73b1180659e

## New Azure SDK
We have chosen to also update our library to the new Azure SDK when interacting with the Azure Service Bus ([#159](https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.messaging/discussions/159)). This package update has some consequences on our library.

> > Note that Azure Service Bus plug-ins are [still not supported](https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.messaging/discussions/159) in this new SDK.

Reviewer: I'm fine with having this warning here as opposed to have it on the 'index' page.
People that read this part, know that they might have to pay attention to this when migrating, so ok.
